hi how are you good i'm going to explain it
better we're going to need this a cb a
pendrive of 4 gigs up one
8 megabytes memory
I do not know if he walks with the one of 16 or 32
obviously a good ps2 below this
video I leave a link where they go to
download this file
they are going to decompress us and they will leave
two folders one is the advance cache
what the usb stream brings
we're going to do that before that folder
they are going to leave there and the other one that says is
more and good web that will happen like this
how are you going to pass it to a pendrive
to the pendrive that they will use and the other
folder that the havana 's are going to
leave on the computer desk
well this time I have the fish
2011 that is the Argentine championship the
argentine cup
that the 2011 that brings the file already
seated in a file the launch ene efe
that to be able to launch install this the
cold that boat there is as shown by the
images is there they give him x
and it's going to look like a configuration that
is the configuration of the weight of the
play good now they're going to tighten the
circle is going to take you to another one another
screen there will appear in the
files the msc but good for the where
says more than is the pendrive the usb and
they tighten circle then there's going to show
what they have in the pendrive that I in
this case I have super nintendo games
I have saved games I have movies
I have the magic web folder and
already anguished game that is the scarface
this already useful with the usb string
good go to the web magic folder
tighten the circle and you will give three
options says install more and point lf
good there
they are going to put in the point of the circle and
takes them to the cold program is good
there they have several options above where
first they go to land way they're going to go
to ms format
well there they are going to format the
the memory will give him x after the
formative in ok and they will install version
as a screen shows and they will give you
x after formatting that and
the installation begins
well there we see already
we already have installed in the configuration
of things and have that ere the che
home
we have the media player that is the sms the
usb advance in the credit of your mountain 2
ps2 the game boy is also pretty
complete we go very complete good
esteban the look and looks forward will
see x
they press x there and that's where the
usb program advances
this later when they already have
flipped lean x have not motivated the
game appears there appears the scarface
always using the ps2 place too but
in this configuration they have to put
in the compilation of the play that
started big and being matrix tighten a
triangle and redon and circle the time and
they put that configuration but it's not going to
walk on that in the advance good usb
we go to the folder of the abans open it
on the computer they will double click
where it says usb stream and there it goes
appear the good folder indicates the
the screen
perfectly for the record they look for a
game puts it on the disk afterwards and the
dvd or cd after where they want it
save that -according to the good disc is
where it says to leave me a good one there is
put the name of the game give it to be and
some questions
this statement if you give yes and there
start loading the game
and good because they finished the
folder where I keep them
and there it appears
the game let's tell you good those
files so it looks good that they're going to
copy on the pendrive so raw as
this is how it is and what is good and after
play with the usb string there we see the
game that we see that looks perfect
and good if you do not put that retirement in
USB USB bandar abandon anything
ok I hope this is my first post and
Well I improve it a little bit because the
machine that I have is not that fast